Update readme (#8)
kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener: examples/aws/README.md

> # Gardener Aws Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Gardener AWS
```

Author: applied change

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview
```

Author: applied change

> This is a configuration example to deploy an aws cluster using gardener. You need to make sure that the secret binding parameter is "aws_secret_binding" for the deployment to work properly and that the resource is "gardener_aws_shoot".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Use this configuration example to deploy an AWS cluster using Gardener.
 >**NOTE**: For the example to work properly, make sure that the **secret_binding** parameter is set to `aws_secret_binding` and that the **resource** is `gardener_aws_shoot`.
```

Author: applied change

> For now the following cidrs are obtrained from the similar clusters deployed on gardener, in the future these values should be obtained programatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, values for the following CIDRs are obtained from the similar clusters deployed on Gardener:
```

Author: applied change

```bash
  workerscidr       = ["10.250.0.0/17"]
  internalscidr     = ["10.250.112.0/22"]
  publicscidr       = ["10.250.96.0/22"]
  vpccidr = "10.250.0.0/16"
```

> multiple workers can be defined as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also define multiple workers:
```

Author: applied change
